TODO.md, before:

# VS Code Extension

## Implementation

### Option 1: Use mrozzbarry with minimal edits

(See issue for https://github.com/mobtimeapp/mobtime-vscode-extension/issues/2)

- [x] Create a separate helloworld vscode plugin (to learn) on a branch (see https://code.visualstudio.com/api/get-started/your-first-extension)
- [x] Fork mrozzbarry repo - https://github.com/jcs-instructor/mobtime-vscode-extension
- [x] Get forked code working as is with the current mobti.me url (from our copy in our codebase)
- [ ] Modify url
- [ ] See must-haves, etc. at bottom of this file

### Option 2: Create from scratch

- [ ] Create a new helloworld vscode plugin (to start with)
- [ ] See must-haves, etc. at bottom of this file

## Must Haves

- [ ] Must haves for Joel/Ethan
  - [ ] Configure URL
  - [ ] Join, and see all default fields
    - [ ] Time remaining in sidebar and bottom
    - [ ] Duration
    - [ ] Participants
  - [ ] Start, Pause at bottom
- [ ] Could Have (can do all through web)
  - [ ] (Add who's Navigotor next to time on bottom)
  - [ ] Manage participants
  - [ ] Randomize
  - [ ] Manage Roles
  - [ ] Stop, Cancel, Rotate

Commit message:

Add co-author strings to md file
Co-authored-by: Ethan Strominger <ethanstrominger2@gmail.com>

TODO.md, after:

# VS Code Extension

## Co-authors

Co-authored-by: Ethan Strominger <ethanstrominger2@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Joel Silberman <42779942+jcs-instructor@users.noreply.github.com>

## Implementation

### Option 1: Use mrozzbarry with minimal edits

(See issue for https://github.com/mobtimeapp/mobtime-vscode-extension/issues/2)

- [x] Create a separate helloworld vscode plugin (to learn) on a branch (see https://code.visualstudio.com/api/get-started/your-first-extension)
- [x] Fork mrozzbarry repo - https://github.com/jcs-instructor/mobtime-vscode-extension
- [x] Get forked code working as is with the current mobti.me url (from our copy in our codebase)
- [ ] Modify url
- [ ] See must-haves, etc. at bottom of this file

### Option 2: Create from scratch

- [ ] Create a new helloworld vscode plugin (to start with)
- [ ] See must-haves, etc. at bottom of this file

## Must Haves

- [ ] Must haves for Joel/Ethan
  - [ ] Configure URL
  - [ ] Join, and see all default fields
    - [ ] Time remaining in sidebar and bottom
    - [ ] Duration
    - [ ] Participants
  - [ ] Start, Pause at bottom
- [ ] Could Have (can do all through web)
  - [ ] (Add who's Navigotor next to time on bottom)
  - [ ] Manage participants
  - [ ] Randomize
  - [ ] Manage Roles
  - [ ] Stop, Cancel, Rotate
